Conditional-Signing Example Rework (#43)
LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code: conditional-signing/browser/README.md

In this directory, `conditional-signing/browser`, run `yarn` to install the project dependencies.

### Specifying Your Lit PKP's Public Key and CapacityCredit Token ID

> If you already have a Lit PKP that you'd like to use, you can copy the contents of the provided `.env.example` to a `.env` file to specify it. If you don't have a PKP, or wish to use a new one for this example, then you can skip this step and one will be created for you when you run this example. This is also the case if you'd like to use a different Lit Capacity Credit Token ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a Lit PKP that you'd like to use, you can copy the contents of the provided `.env.example` to a `.env` file to specify it. If you don't have a PKP, or wish to use a new one for this example, then you can skip this step and one will be created for you when you run this example. This is also the case for the Lit Capacity Credit Token ID; You can provide one or have one minted for you.
```

Your `.env` file should look like:

```
VITE_LIT_PKP_PUBLIC_KEY=yourPublicKey
VITE_LIT_CAPACITY_CREDIT_TOKEN_ID=yourCapacityCreditTokenId
VITE_CHAIN_TO_CHECK_CONDITION_ON=ethereum
```

**NOTE** By changing the `VITE_CHAIN_TO_CHECK_CONDITION_ON` value, you can change the chain that the Lit Action will check the condition on. The current `.example.env` file sets this value to `ethereum`.

### Starting the Example

> In this directory, `conditional-signing/browser`, run `yarn dev` to bundle all of this code and server the HTML file at: [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this directory, `conditional-signing/browser`, run `yarn dev` to bundle all of this code and serve the HTML file at: [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173).
```
